>> Erik Reinert: There we go.
Five minutes.
We have a database up and running,
fully available, connectable.
I've already even got the schemas in
place to be able to run my application.
Obviously we ran into some problems with
setups and whatnot, but if you really look
at the amount of effort and time put into
doing this, it was a Docker file and
creating a postgres instance on
the Internet, not much effort at all.
Again, it's very startup focused.
Okay, cool.
So we've got our database.
If we go back to our diagram here,
the next thing is going to be
App Runner and Parameter Store.
So let's go ahead and get these set up.
What we're going to do first is we're
going to set up parameter store and
then I'm going to go to
SSM Systems Manager.
Once I click on Systems Manager,
I'm going to go to parameter store.
And if I type in again, if I did before,
you'll see obviously I have tons of them
because I use them for
a lot of different applications and stuff.
But if I type in fem, you'll see that
these are going to be the three parameters
that we are going to be creating.
Now again, I have them in previews just so
that you guys can see what
we're going to be doing.
But this is effectively what
we're going to want to do.
And so what we're going to do
is we're going to go ahead and
click Create parameters.
You're gonna type in like a URL
fem-Fd-service/googleclientid, right?
So the idea here is this is key value
storage, which basically means that
the key is kind of like a URL that we're
trying to navigate to the resource and
the value will be the output of that,
the client id, the client secret,
and the URL that we just posted or
created for postgres.
We're going to be copying and
adding these all to ssm.
So what I'm going to do is after I've got
my name put in there, I'm going to click
on secure string because I want to
store it as an actual secured value.
What's really nice about SSM and
Secrets Manager is there's already
encryption in place there.
You don't have to worry about rotating
encryption keys and all of that.
They have a really secure encryption
platform, so you can lean on that.
So I'm just going to say, use the KMS
source of my current account and
then just use the default alias SSM.
You guys should all see this if not,
it'll just ask you to create one.
But yeah, you should be able to use that.
Then we just put in the value.
I have my client.
I think client IDs are fine to show.
So let me go ahead and put this in here.
I'm going to go ahead and
copy this value and paste it in like this.
And then,
I'm just gonna click create parameter.
And so now if I do fem FD service and
then slash.
Whoops, there we go.
You can see that now I have
my Google client ID and
I wanna do the exact same thing for
the other two.
So I'm gonna say,
there we go, slash fem-fd.
And I can kind of come down here and
use that as a quick click.
And then Google Client Secret
secure string.
I move this off screen for a second,
grab my secure string,
paste that in there again,
make sure you click secure string.
It will show values unencrypted.
So be sure to click secure string,
and then bring this over here.
And then we'll do the same thing.
I'll just use that Postgres URL, right?
And then remember, when you copy and paste
the postgres URL from the connect window,
make sure to replace
the your password section.
Otherwise it will not work.
You will have to debug it and
it will waste your time.
You should see three in
total just like that.
You should have a client id,
a client secret and a postgres URL.
And you should populate those basically
with the values that we had already.
So what's kind of nice too is you
can now use this as reference.
You don't have to worry
about having a notepad open.
And I do this a lot, too.
This is why I like having UIs.
I can even move quicker.
It's like I'll just go to SSM and
grab it real quick, you know.
So, yeah, finding solutions that
help you is really the key here.
So we've created our SSM parameters.
Now the next thing we want to do
is we want to set up a IAM policy.
Now this is a little like
out of left field, but
this is something required
to run App Runner.
If you go through the.
If you wanna know more about App Runner,
you just do AWS App Runner, Google it.
Basically, they've got tons of
documentation on how it works and
how to set it up, but effectively I'm
going to be taking you through a crash
course on how to deploy web
applications on App Runner.
One of the things we have to do before
we actually run the application
itself is we have to
create an IAM role for it.
Does anyone not know what I mean by that?
What do I mean by creating an IAM role for
the service I'm about to run?
>> Student: Need to give it permissions to
execute whatever actions the service needs
to execute.
>> Erik Reinert: Exactly, yeah.
So Amazon Cloud's a really big platform.
Maybe your product or
service is working with S3, right.
Maybe it's working with queues,
maybe it's working with other things.
We need to give the running
container the ability to connect and
talk with those things like we do locally.
So we created access keys and
then put them in our shell and
ran command with them.
That's effectively what we're
doing with our service.
We're creating a role that says, hey,
when you're communicating from this place,
you have the permissions to do these
things, and this is like a common.
If you don't know much about Amazon,
this is like a very low level common thing
that you'll do with pretty much
on everything on Amazon and
you'll run into it all the time.
And it's actually really
probably one of the biggest,
I would say IAM is
the biggest pain point of
every developer's experience on
Amazon because it's so annoying.
There's tons and
tons of permissions you have to give it.
But the takeaway I just want you to have
with this is that we're going to go to
the IAM part of the dashboard to give it
permissions to do things in the cloud.
And so what we're going to
do is in the IAM section,
we're gonna click on policies.
Again, I have tons of policies,
but you will also notice that Amazon has
a lot of out of the box policies for you.
So any of the things that are with
the little orange 3D box there is an IM or
an Amazon Managed and you can see
here it says Amazon Managed Policy.
I recommend using these as much
as possible because it's really.
They've tried to solve pretty much every
problem most people are already trying to
do outside of really granular or
really specific permissions.
This is a good go to get started thing.
What's ironic is we won't
be able to use it because
App Runner doesn't have one in there for
some reason.
And I don't know why, but
at least, yeah, I don't think so.
So anyways, what we're going to do is
we're going to click Create Policy and
then we're not actually going
to use the visual editor here,
we're just going to change the JSON.
We're going to literally just
write pure JSON in here.
And then, what I'm going to do is, I'm
going to paste in what we actually need.
And so what I'm going to do so you have it
is I'm just going to open it in my editor.
So the policy that you guys
want to add is this right here.
Unfortunately, this is the only place I
can give this to you because it's not in
source code.
It's something you would do manually.
While you're going through it, all you're
going to do is you're going to create
a JSON object with statement as the array
version at the bottom and then inside of
the array make an object with action
array, get parameters, effect allow.
And then, when you get to Resource,
what you're going to do is you're
going to put in your account region.
Just for consistency sake, let's just
leave it on us West 2 because that's
what I'm already like how everything
else was set up in the course.
So we're going to put us West 2 as
the region and then the account ID is
going to be your account ID and
I can show you how to get that.
So it'd be us West 2.
And then to get your account
ID you can actually up in
the top right hand corner where your
user ID is or username, whatever,
you can click this and
then it'll say Account ID right there.
You can just click that and then that
will allow you to put in your account id.
So can any one guess what
permissions we are giving this?
>> Student: We're giving.
Once we give this policy to the app
runner, we're going to basically allow
the app runner to get parameters
from the parameter store.
>> Erik Reinert: Exactly.
Yeah, exactly.
We are telling Amazon, hey, we just put
some parameters in parameter store,
please allow the application
to use it as well.
This is a policy that we
are allowing it to do.
Now you might be like,
well why am I allowed to do it
without having to add the policy?
Well, that's because you're
probably using an administrator or
root level account that has
access to everything by default.
So yeah, once you've got that, the next
thing we have to do is just click next and
then we will give it a name.
In this case we'll just say
fem FD Service and that's it.
And then, if you scroll down
really quickly you will,
you should see what it's actually, what
permissions are actually defined and so
in this case,
we should see Systems Manager read, right?
So it's limited just to read,
which is important as well.
We don't want the service
to write changes,
we don't want to change the config,
we just want to read it.
So then we're going to
click Create Policy.
And now if I search,
you should see a FEM-FD service, right?
And then if I click on that,
we should be able to see where is it?
Permissions.
Yeah, our permissions right here,
and click on that.
And then I can see,
GetParameters, all of that.